DY_MC_Files.txt:  
is_Sig = False,  has_DPho = False
Z->mumu events generated manually without enabling the dark brem process. Used to verify DY generation and to study backgrounds.

HighBiasWrongLHE.txt:
is_Sig = True,  has_DPho = True
Events generated with high biasing factor (40,000) and mA' = 1.0 GeV to test event reweighting. Forgot to switch the LHE input files from mAp = 0.1 GeV to 1.0 GeV, so the cross section and generated particle has mass of 1.0, but the kinematics are scaled using the incorrect mass. Useful for looking at reweighting the position of the dark brem, but not useful for deeper analysis.

ap_noscatter_unweighted.txt:
is_Sig = False, has_DPho = True
Events generated by enabling the dark brem process but turning off the muon scattering. Useful to compare to standard Z->mumu events to verify that the implementation of the process and weighting does not change anything else in the event. Also useful as a sample where you can use the location of the dark brem to know exactly where the muon passed.

ap_noscatter_weighted.txt:
is_Sig = False, has_DPho = True
Generated in the same way as ap_noscatter_unweighted, but with the event weights enabled and stored as a fake vertex at the end of each event. Produced when I forgot to turn on the scatter while first testing event weighting. Useful fordemonstrating weights, but not informative otherwise.

map_0p1_unweighted.txt:
is_Sig = True, has_DPho = True
Dark brem events produced with the A' mass = 0.1 GeV and bias factor = 1000. Weights not included, so events have some bias towards occuring in the front of the HCAL.

map_1p0_unweighted.txt:
is_Sig = True, has_DPho = True
My most commonly used signal file (until the with weights version is finished generating...). Contains dark brem events with mA' = 1.0 GeV, produced with biasfactor = 20,000. Weights not included, though relatively low biasfactor makes the bias towards the front of the HCAL somewhat less significant. The 1.0 GeV mass point results in larger angle scatters with more energy loss, producing the simplest target kinematics to find.

Filtered_Files_DY_2017.txt and Filtered_Files_Doublemuon.txt
Datafiles used with MuAnalyzer.cc. 
